---
title: "jsTips of the August"
date: 2016-08-27 11:10
draft: true
---

> Copy to Clipboard

    <!DOCTYPE html>
    <html>
    <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width">
    <title>JS Bin</title>
    </head>
    <body>
    <div class="content">
    <h1>Copy to clipboard example</h1>
    <input type="text" id="visible-input" value="JS Tips Rocks!"/>
    <input type="button" id="visible-button" value="Copy">
    </div>
    </body>
    </html>

    // Copy to clipboard example
    document.querySelector("#visible-button").onclick = function() {
      // Select the content
      document.querySelector("#visible-input").select();
      // Copy to the clipboard
      document.execCommand('copy');
    };

> Comma operator in jS

##### When placed in an expression, it evaluates every expression from left to right and returns the last one.

    for(var i=0, j=0; i<5; i++, j++, j++){
        console.log("i:"+i+", j:"+j);
    }

##### When placed in an expression, it evaluates every expression from left to right and returns the right most expression.

    function a(){console.log('a'); return 'a';}
    function b(){console.log('b'); return 'b';}
    function c(){console.log('c'); return 'c';}
    var x = (a(), b(), c());
    console.log(x);      // Outputs "c"

##### The comma(,)operator has the lowest priority of all javascript operators , so without the parenthesis the expression would become (x = a()),b(),c();

> Breaking or continuing loop in functional programming

##### How to short circuit with .some and .every

##### Using for loops we can break to end iteration early.

    const a = [0,1,2,3,4,5];
    for(var i=0;i< a.length;i++){
        if(a[i] === 2){
            break;  // stop the loop
    //            continue;
        }
        console.log(a[i]); // 0 1
    }

##### .foreach we lack the ability to break,In this situation we get is continu functionality through return ,

    [0,1,2,3,4,5].forEach(function(v,i){
        if(v === 2){
            return true;
        }
        console.log(v); // 0 1 3 4 5
    })

##### The .some is a method on Array prototype.  It tests whether some element in the array passes the test implemented by the provided function. If any value is returning true,then it stops executing.

    const isBiggerThan10 = numb => numb > 10;
    [2, 5, 8, 1, 4].some(isBiggerThan10);  // false
    [12, 5, 8, 1, 4].some(isBiggerThan10); // true


    [0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5].some(function(v,i){
        if(v === 2){
            return true;  //for  break
    //            return false; // for continue
        }
        console.log(v);  // 0 1
    });

##### there is .every,which can be userd . We have to return the opposite boolean compared to .some.

> ES6 var vs let   the block-scope different between keyword var and let

#####  The scope of a varible defined with var is function scope or declared outside any function ,global.
##### The scope of a variable defined with let is block scope.

    function varvslet(){
        console.log(i);  // i is undefined due to hoisting
        console.log(j);  // j is not defined

        for(var i=0;i<3;i++){
            console.log(i);
        }

        console.log(i);
        console.log(j);  // ReferenceError: j is not defined

        for(let j=0;j<3;j++){
            console.log(j);
        }
        console.log(i);
        console.log(j); //j is not defined
    }

##### Difference Details
##### Variable Hoisting
    let will not hoist to the entire scope of the block they appear in .By contrast var could hoist as below

    {
        console.log(c);
        var c = 3;
    }
    {
        console.log(b);
        let b = 2;
    }

##### Closure in Loop

    let in the loop can re-binds it to each iteration of the loop,making sure to re-assign it the value from the end of the previous loop iteration, so it can be used to avoid issue with clorsures.

    for(var i=0;i<5;i++){
        setTimeout(function(){
            console.log(i); // 5 5 5 5 5
        },1000);
    }

    for(let i=0;i<5;i++){
        setTimeout(function(){
            console.log(i); // 0 1 2 3 4
        },1000);
    }

[学习地址](http://www.jstips.co/)
